# Instructions for install
 The Project can be executed on a  with an apache, nginx or similar and a php7.
 for the frontend calls the web/index.html is the index file.
 for the api calls(everyone with the uri start with /api) the web/index.php is the index file.
 Composer install is necesary before using the back-end

 However there is an automatic creation dev environment usig the lxc system.
 lxc can be installed by ubuntu and similars by: sudo apt-get install lxc.
 after that the following command creates the whole environtment:
    ./lxc/create

 When everything is create you can use the following command
    ./lxc/showIp
 and see wich ip responds to you new environment. Write it in your browser as an url and you will see the results o that test.
 
 
# Instructions for using the lxc environment
 start to run the environment:
  - sudo lxc-start -n fullstack-test
 Login on the environment:
  - sudo lxc-attach -n fullstack-test
 Using composer, or nodejs, after the attach:
  - sudo su project
  - cd /project
  - composer install
  - npm install
 that four command are automatically used during the creation.
 
 run the test:
  - bin/phpunit 
  for run the test. 
    

# Considerations
 In spite of you asked for a mobile toll, I tryed to make a responsive one who can be used on small and medium screens. 
 I would need more time make a perfect performance of that. But what you can see and how is made shows you my idea about
 how should be implemented that kind projects.
 
 Add a DB to the system should be easy, the actual respository classes are "faked" and the store the data on the session. 
 If a real DB and ORM are installed, that class can be used to be the bind beetween the system and the ORM.
 
 The files:
  - web/fonts/*
  - app.js
  - style.css
  should be in the .gitignore as they are generated by the front-end system by the running of npm install
  They are added to add the possibility to do not use the lxc environment and run the project
  in an environment without nodejs and npm. 

# Test
 ./bin/phpunit run the test for the back-end. I made a couple of unitary test as example. The unitary test on the
 controller are functional test, the system use a http client for ask information to the api. An improvement
 of the test would be make the functional test other tool like behat.
# Coverage
 After running the test the coverage graphics are created an stored on the var folder. The coverage is very low as 
 that's only a test. 
 
# Improvements, todos, and limitations
## Environtment
    - Solve the problem for installation of npm thought apt. 
## Back-end
    - Use a better routing system.
    - Use filters for the incoming data, the uses of superglobas($_POST..) directly should be avoided in real projects.
    - Improve the test for having more coverage and use other system for functional test.
    - Make a system for save if someone is added as a friend on the backend
    - Allow the posibility to handle wih the images of the profile. Now are stored on the web/ folder.  
## Front-end
    - Make test with jQuery unit or another system for front-end testing
    - Improve the routing system.
    - Use a config system for avoid to hardcode routes and variables on some parts of the code.
    - Improve the front-end for make a real full-responsive tool that can be used on a mobil or on a big screen.
   
  
